{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **Are you the copyright holder or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf?**\
\
Yes, I am authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.\
\
**Are you submitting a revised DMCA notice after GitHub Trust & Safety requested you make changes to your original notice?**\
\
No\
\
**Does your claim involve content on GitHub or npm.js?**\
\
Both\
\
**Please describe the nature of your copyright ownership or authorization to act on the owner's behalf.**\
\
We represent The New York Times Company (\'93The Times\'94), the owner of the famous and widely known WORDLE game. I am authorized to submit this Digital Millennium Copyright Act (\'93DMCA\'94) takedown notice regarding copyright infringement on a GitHub hosted website. The GitHub hosted website https://newyorktimesworlde.com/ displays content that infringes on our client\'92s intellectual property including copyright and trademark, as detailed herein.\
\
**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it is posted online.**\
\
By way of background, On January 24, 2022, The Times purchased the popular word game \'93Wordle\'94 (and all associated intellectual property rights with the game) from the [private] [private], including but not limited to the common-law trademark rights to the \'93Wordle\'94 trademark, the copyright in the game, and the trade dress associated with the game. The Times\'92s acquisition of the game was widely reported in widely available news sources. The Times owns numerous trademark registrations for \'93Wordle\'94 in connection with, among other things, word games and spelling and word puzzles, including U.S. Reg. No. 7,140,643; U.K. Trademark Reg. Nos. 3,749,710 and 3,753,162; European Community Trademark Reg. No. 18651261; and pending U.S. applications, 97/248,806 and 97/510,050. A link to The Times official Wordle game can be seen here: https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html. .\
\
**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the entire repository, the repository\'92s URL.**\
\
The following GitHub-hosted website contains The Times\'92 copyrighted content: https://newyorktimesworlde.com/. In particular, the website contains a knock off of the same copyrighted Wordle puzzle owned by The Times. The layout and color scheme (gray, yellow, and green tiles) are identical to The Times\'92s \'93Wordle\'94 game. The infringing website also uses The Times\'92s \'93Wordle\'94 trademark without authorization. Clearly, this is a blatant attempt to trade off The Times\'92s well-known \'93Wordle\'94 brand and confuse consumers into believing they are playing a legitimate religious version of the Wordle game, when they are not. As the infringing website\'92s host and now having knowledge of the infringement, you may be found liable for contributory infringement. We therefore demand the infringing website be removed immediately.\
\
**Do you claim to have any technological measures in place to control access to your copyrighted content? Please see our <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice#complaints-about-anti-circumvention-technology">Complaints about Anti-Circumvention Technology</a> if you are unsure.**\
\
No\
\
**<a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/dmca-takedown-policy#b-what-about-forks-or-whats-a-fork">Have you searched for any forks</a> of the allegedly infringing files or repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**\
\
No\
\
**Is the work licensed under an open source license?**\
\
No\
\
**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement?**\
\
Reported content must be removed\
\
**Do you have the alleged infringer\'92s contact information? If so, please provide it.**\
\
**I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.**\
\
**I have taken <a href="https://www.lumendatabase.org/topics/22">fair use</a> into consideration.**\
\
**I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.**\
\
**I have read and understand GitHub's <a href="https://docs.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/">Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice</a>.**\
\
**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone number or physical address.**\
\
Direct Dial: [private]\
\
**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request.**\
\
[private]\
}